Fix refresh device info before each operation (#471)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-programmer: Changelog.md

> ## 4.4.1 - 2024-08-23

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4.4.1 - unreleased
```

### Fix

> -   The SOC is detected before each operation to enure that if SOC change
>     between operation programer will still work as expected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   The SoC is now detected before each operation to ensure the app works
    even if the SoC changes between operations.
```

Reviewer: Looks good, so commit
